So you married Stella on a whim?
I feel horrible for her.
Lucy, her mother's so early and then being kicked out by her father.
She deserves better.
Mm.
Mother's right.
Stella's our daughter now.
We'll treat her as such.
Thank you.
Can I ask?
Why are you hiding our real identities from her?
Well, initially I thought she was after my money.
Mm.
No, you both know my dating history.
So I lied and said I was a security guard.
Obviously that turned out not to be true.
And I've just been trying to find the right time to tell her the truth ever since.
Look, the sooner the better.
You can't let this one slip away.
She is a catch.
Cherish her.
Tell her the truth.
You're sleeping in separate rooms.
We need to intervene.
John, I know who started those rooms about my wife.
I'll get her name cleared.
Just get it done.
Dad, what are you doing?
I found termites layering in the house and I tracked the nest to your room.
I hate to break it to you, man.
You're not sleeping here tonight.
Okay.
I'll sleep on the couch.
Don't be a fool.
Go sleep with your wife for crying out loud.